Now you learned what GitHub is
and why using it could be useful,
for example for backup purposes.
Now, the key feature offered by GitHub
is its repositories feature.
You can create those cloud storage buckets
in your GitHub account
and then connect your local Git repositories
to those GitHub repositories to back up your code
or use it across different devices and so on.
Now, when you create a Repository
you have the choice whether it should be public or private.
As the names indicate
public repositories can be viewed by everyone.
Private repositories can't.
Either way, not everyone can write to them.
So even if a repository is public, this does not mean
that all kinds of people can start editing your code.
That's not the case.
Instead, public and private only controls who's able to see
and view a repository.
Editing the code in a GitHub repository
is a totally different thing.
But before we dive deeper into GitHub repositories,
let's first explore how we can create such a repository
and for that, you first of all must create a GitHub account.
Now, for that, you can visit GitHub.com and then sign up.
Of course, you can skip that if you already have an account
and use that account instead.
Now, here you simply enter your email address
and of course, your password.
Then also a username,
which is of course up to you
but must be unique, so you might need to try
a couple of different usernames
before you have a fitting one.
Here I'll choose N for no
and then you might have to solve a brief puzzle
to prove that you're not a bot.
With that, the account gets created
and you just need to verify it
by entering a code that's sent to you via email.
Now, once you finished the account creation
you can choose which parts are most interesting to you
but you don't have to make a choice here.
And then you're presented with different plan options
because you can use GitHub for free
but you can also pay for it to get more features.
Now, to get started, the free plan has everything you need
but if you're working in bigger teams
and you need advanced features those paid plans
might be very interesting to you.
Here for this account,
I'll continue with the free plan though
but it is worth keeping in mind
that you do have those paid plans if you need them.
Now, once you created your account, you should be greeted
with a page that looks something like this.
Though the exact content will change over time.
Now GitHub offers tons of features
and you can dive way deeper into all these features
with the official documentation.
You can for example, create and edit your own profile page
which could help you apply for jobs.
Now, we are interested in this repository feature though,
and therefore the first thing we'll do
is we'll create a new repository.